.TH Sequencer24 1 "Sept 4 2015" "Version 0.9.4" "Sequencer24 Manual Page"

.SH NAME
Sequencer24 - Real time MIDI sequencer refactored from Seq24

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sequencer24
[\fIOPTIONS\fP] [\fIFILENAME\fP]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fISequencer24\fP is a real-time MIDI sequencer. It was created to
provide a simple interface for editing and playing MIDI 'loops'.
It uses gtk-2 for the user interface.

.SH OPTIONS
Sequencer24 accepts the following options:
.TP 8
.B  \-\-help
Display a list of all commandline options
.TP 8
.B  \-\-version
Display the program version
.TP 8
.B  \-\-legacy
Save the MIDI file in the old Seq24 format, as unspecified
binary data, instead of as a legal MIDI track with meta events.
The user-interface will indicate this mode.  This mode is also
used if the application is invoked as the
\fIseq24\fP
command.
.TP 8
.B \-\-lash
If LASH support is compiled into the program, this option
enables it.
.TP 8
.B \-\-file \fI<filename>\fP
Load MIDI file on startup
.TP 8
.B \-\-manual_alsa_ports
Sequencer24 won't attach alsa ports
.TP 8
.B \-\-showmidi
Dumps incoming midi to screen
.TP 8
.B \-\-priority
Runs higher priority with FIFO scheduler
.TP 8
.B \-\-pass_sysex
Passes any incoming sysex messages to all outputs
.TP 8
.B \-\-ignore \fI<number>\fP
Ignore ALSA device <number>
.TP 8
.B \-\-show_keys
Prints pressed key value
.TP 8
.B \-\-interaction_method \fI<number>\fP
Select mouse interaction method
	(0 = sequencer24) (default)
	(1 = fruity loops method)
.TP 8
.B \-\-jack_transport
sequencer24 will sync to JACK transport
.TP 8
.B \-\-jack_master
sequencer24 will try to be JACK master
.TP 8
.B \-\-jack_master_cond
JACK master will fail if there is already a master
.TP 8
.B \-\-jack_start_mode \fI<x>\fP
When sequencer24 is synced to JACK, the following play modes are available:
	(0 = live mode)
	(1 = song mode) (default)
.TP 8
.B \-\-stats
Print statistics on commandline while running
.TP 8
.B \-\-jack_session_uuid \fI<uuid>\fP
Set uuid for jack session


.SH FILES
\fB$HOME\fP/sequencer24rc stores the user-configuration settings for
sequencer24.
\fB$HOME\fP/sequencer24usr stores the MIDI-configuration settings for
sequencer24, but is not present by default.

.SH SUGGESTIONS AND BUG REPORTS
Any bugs found should be reported to the upstream author and/or package 
maintainer.

.SH OTHER INFO
The current Sequencer24 project homepage is a simple git repository at the
https://github.com/ahlstromcj/sequencer.git URL.

It is released under the GNU GPL license.

.SH AUTHOR
Sequencer24 was written by Chris Ahlstrom <ahlstromcj@gmail.com>.
Seq24 was written by Rob C. Buse <seq24@filter24.org> and the Seq24team.

This manual page was written by Dana Olson <seq24@ubuntustudio.com> with
additions from Guido Scholz <guido.scholz@bayernline.de>, and
additions by Chris Ahlstrom <ahlstromcj@gmail.com>.
